hey guys so this is going to be a get
ready with me video and this part of the
video is just on my makeup um it's like
it everyday makeup look you know it
doesn't take much time to do just some
powder do my eyebrows eyeliner and
that's in and um I also have video
coming up on my on this hairstyle which
is inspired by someone and um yeah so
but this video is just on the makeup
look so I hope you guys enjoy this and
don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time so let's get started um first off I
don't apply moisturizer because I was
blessed to have been born with a natural
moisturizer called oily skin so i feel
like if i add moisturizer on top of my
own skin i would just be a glossy ball
walking around so I ain't got time for
that so but i do plan a primer and the
partner that i use is the is my hard
candy and is the skin perfecting primer
and it's this one and I mix it with my
milk of magnesia just to help with my
oiliness so I need all the UM non-oily
products so I put about this much this
is actually too much and then I just go
ahead and grab a little scoop of my milk
of magnesia and just blend it together
this is actually way too much but i
usually use this much but that's what
should just work it in everywhere and
this is what I do I'm sure a lot of
people don't do this but that's what I
do and it works for me like it really
helps mattify my skin throughout the
entire day like I barely get oily now
and I have really like extremely oily
skin so yeah this is my first step and
next thing I do is apply my under-eye
concealer and here i am using my Mac in
NC 45 the studio finish concealer looks
like this and I'll just take it with my
finger and Pat it underneath my eye and
also i put this concealer over my dark
spots and blemishes just to conceal
everything you know you we're going for
that perfect looking skin that we all
know I don't have I have very sensitive
skin acne prone skin I'm forward to that
late so yeah God do some concealing and
this is just an everyday face nothing
extra but if you guys do want to see me
do like I shadows and stuff like that
then um just you know leave me a comment
below and I will definitely start doing
that so next I'm just going to apply
some lip balm just some more strike my
just to moisturize my lips
and under the next thing I do is I go
ahead with my foundation and here i'm
using Studio Fix by Mac and NC 50 and
this is what it looks like and I'm just
going to use a elf um powder brush to
apply that and then next thing I do is I
take care of my brows look at these
crazy things I need to get them done so
bad but I'm just going to brush them to
how I want them to be before I shape
them and stuff and for my eyebrows to
fill them in i use the naked k auto
eyeliner and dark brown and this is what
it looks like it's like a dollar
something at um a local be any local
beauty supply store should have this so
yeah and I'm just going to fill them in
and I do have a I brought two torial if
you guys are interesting I can leave the
link below so you guys can check it out
so next thing I do is apply my eyeliner
here i'm using revlon colorstay liquid
liner this right here bought it from
walmart and i've been using this for a
long time too now as you love it because
it gives me a really nice um liner and
winged eye so I've done my top liner and
now I'm just going to line my lashline
and here i'm using it's called
exaggerated by Rimmel London and it has
the back the end tip that you can create
a smoky with so that's what I'm going to
do
then you can smoke it up
now i'm just applying some mascara and
this is extra Wow lash by remote London
I absolutely love this it was like two
dollars at my walmart so I'm just going
to apply apply it to my lower lash first
and then to the top now to finish the
look i'm just going to bomb eyelids and
use my soft matte lip cream and this is
called London just going to apply some
of that on my lids absolutely love this
by the way this is the color of it and
I'm just going to dab some in the center
of my lips
like that and I'm pretty much done on my
face